[Backport main] CASMTRIAGE-3591 Add notice about kdump (#1981)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/README.md

    For more information about modifying `customizations.yaml` and tuning for specific systems, see
    [Post Install Customizations](../../operations/CSM_product_management/Post_Install_Customizations.md).

## Known issues

> - `kdump` (kernel dump) may hang and fail on NCNs in CSM 1.2 (Raspberry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kdump` (kernel dump) may hang and fail on NCNs in CSM 1.2 (HPE Cray EX System Software 22.07 release).
```
We shouldn't be using the codename in the public documentation.

Reviewer: This should also be fixed in the 1.2 version that was merged. I can open a new PR for this change if needed.

Reviewer 2: Please and thank you.

> - `kdump` (kernel dump) may hang and fail on NCNs in CSM 1.2 (Raspberry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kdump` (kernel dump) may hang and fail on NCNs in CSM 1.2 (HPE Cray EX System Software 22.07 release).
```
We shouldn't be using the codename in the public documentation.
